Another random place to store information with my name and address included. And a history of changes. That helps me because I am not trying to hide anything. The only hesitation I ever feel is concern for saying specific things that might cause problems for innocent people, but so far it doesn't seem like anyone has been innocent at all. And I promise none of this has benefited me in any way. I don't wear a wire, and I don't have a chip in my tooth that transmits anything anywhere as far as I know. But I don't know. I know that I have been accused of wearing a wire and being part of some sting operation because of the pattern of police wiping up behind me everywhere I went. I don't mind that so much considering what I know now, and in fact I wouldn't mind if worse had happened to the people who kept sticking nearby to leech everything off of me because they could and thought I wouldn't know. But I do know. I just can't do anything about it.

Then it turns out there was this constant back and forth between the Aryan Nation and some celebrity gold digging thing as well as some government agency recruitment thing as well as an attempt to squeeze me until I give up the location of some fortune I don't know about. I don't know about it because it was funneled to someone else if it existed at all, and it wasn't sent to me because I swindled anyone. It was sent to me, I thought, because of a bitcoin donation page that was temporarily up online around the same time as the very temporary terms and conditions smartass agreement that I made and left up for less than a week before feeling like I should take it down. And I did. And I destroyed every copy of it and never thought twice about it, and after that was when I started to pour myself into the Bible and discovered all sorts of answers as if I had been given understanding I'd never had before. Part of it was drugs, and part of it was God. And all of it was good.

I never enforced the terms and conditions though, but I kept hearing things that made me think someone had and the blame had fallen on me. But what I wanted to say was that the people who were involved with the "parasite" were the Aryan Nation. How do I know? Because God told me. How did He tell me? Because in Revelation 7:9 it says, "After this I looked, and behold, a great multitude that no one could number, from every nation, from all tribes and peoples and languages, standing before the throne and before the Lamb, clothed in white robes, with palm branches in their hands, and crying with a loud voice, "Salvation belongs to our God who sits on the throne, and to the Lamb!""

How could there ever be a belief that only white people were qualified for salvation? Or that Heaven was only for white people? I am physically only attracted to white guys, but that is entirely sexual and a matter of preferring a certain flavor and not liking another. It's no different. It has nothing to do with the value that I place on a person overall, and yet it somehow was turned into something because I was always on Gridr ignoring everyone except white athletic jock types. And apparently other people thought I was there to chat. It often turned out that way because of the resentment people who must have been told something different or who thought that my long ramblings about stupid things was because I wanted to sound important or smart when it was mostly me being pissed off because someone was baiting me on purpose to keep me from ever knowing that outside of that mostly fake grid of profiles there were tons of people who somehow knew about me. Enough to fill a whole parking lot as if in answer to my constant confusion about the van full of frat guys, but before I ever had even said that which is also confusing. And also a big "if." 

The point is that if the truth were told then people would not see what I do in the privacy of my own personal bedroom and would not see my naked ass wiggling around at night or would not assume that I was lighting candles so that angels would come and have sex with me. Those things were intentionally framed in the wrong light on purpose to keep me isolated just like the first time that I allowed myself to let go and try to learn how to enjoy sex again I was set up to look like I pooped on someone. And I didn't. And thank you to whoever dealt with that issue. I don't want to know what you did.

Regardless, I was the one who claimed Psalm 91 because it was my house that was covered in white feathers years ago. It looked like a chicken farm had exploded up there but there was no blood. It was beautiful, and I had a witness whose name is Taylor. I'm not sure what happened to him or where he is now, but he had big curly hair that looked really cool. That was me, and yet I also was the one who was afflicted with something that isn't entirely natural but is supposed to seem like it is. There is no way that something that resembles a tropical tapeworm with spikes to keep it from sliding out easily without ripping you to pieces could easily move from covering up my ears down my neck in a visible moving lump and into my inner core to protect itself from the hot water or soap and then slide back up to where it was to make sure it can have first dibs on whatever is coming in and going out of my ears. There is no way that a simple tropical tapeworm on crack could even stay in tact as I am simultaneously washing it out of my head so that when God looks down He doesn't see a layer of alien just beneath my scalp and think I am not really a human. Underneath that is the human, but no one seems to get that far. He isn't fooled really, but there has been an incredibly significant amount of confusion overall, and it may have something to do with angels identifying people through a spiritual signature and that being confused because of a whole lot of Wicca hocus pocus and the entire effort of the angels here on Earth who pretend to be Watchers or Cleaners but are actually  not and have been trying to avoid detection or blame for a "prank" that they thought they were pulling on another supernatural being. Turns out they didn't realize that it was just a human with some spiritual gifts that they thought identified me as evil because they were meant for someone else who tried to steal the spiritual gifts meant for me. And apparently did. I think that was supposed to be some kind of upgrade to make me an honorary angel because a long time ago that was a thing for a while. And then nothing came of it and I forgot about it. Maybe he found a way to steal those gifts and maybe he felt justified in keeping it because I ended up with Cupid's arrows that somehow only work to attract people to me. Maybe it's just a glitch. I have no idea. I can't use them because it is involuntary seduction, and I won't do that to anyone. And since it makes it seem like I am to anyone I focus on, it makes it really tough to lay down and focus on trying to get to that place everyone is supposedly waiting for me to get to. The only way I know how to do it is to focus on sounds that I hear from people there, and in order to focus on that I have to focus on them which makes them think I am trying to seduce them which then makes them do whatever they can to prevent me from getting there since it's not the place for someone who seduces people. And so even though that is supposedly the answer to everything, it is not possible and I have to just go around being accused of ruining Christmas and everything else for not opening that portal so that Jesus can get through. Since those people kept hexing me, though, in order to get my blessings, they also messed up those portals and who knows where Jesus ended up whenever I tried to summon Him like I was told to do. So this is why the people who have been keeping  up that scam (even though they are way too quick and mentally sharp to be human no matter how much pot they smoke) are so intent on destroying me. Because otherwise it will be obvious that they have been knowingly and willingly using what they consider benign innocent magic to protect themselves from getting in trouble. This is my own personal impression of what I have seen.

What I thought was interesting, though, was that the most effective cure that has kept those alien parasites in check has been chocolate. Cocoa powder or actual chocolate. Citrus and Vitamin C has also been super effective. Licorice root. Diatomaceous earth. And calamine lotion. Those are the things that have consistently destroyed it, and look at what we have there! "Red and yellow black and white! They are precious in His sight! Jesus loves the little children of the world!" 

And the entire effort put into setting me up as a pedophile I guarantee you was because of that same thing and to keep me from writing this because I know that people really think that if I believe something then it will be. And they keep manipulating circumstances around me to try to make that happen, sometimes for good reasons, but often because they think that it is really that simple and I can believe away their crimes and no one has to deal with the consequences or the scars they caused other people and still do by ordering strange parasites that they possess with evil spirits but then can't let go of because after a while the possess parasite has gotten so big that if it were released from it's possessor it would destroy me in about two seconds and everyone would see the obvious gigantic creature that never should have been. Just like at the plasma center the other day there was a "blood clot" that came out in the draw. 

So my question is why is it that I was told that angels would be watching me to make sure nothing bad happened, and yet they have not been allowed to be near me for a long time? Why was I told that I wouldn't have to worry about the pestilence and yet if I go for more than a day or so without guzzling probiotics and bathing in cocoa powder I am at risk for hearing nibbling sounds in my ears and realizing that there is now a leak into my mouth when I try to wash my ears out? Why was I told that I would be satisfied with long life and yet I spend every day so distressed from the entire mechanism of satisfaction being broken in my brain and the drugs that fix it completely unavailable because no one with all these problems would be the one God promised those things to. 

I'm not sure that's what Rudyard Kipling had in mind. Cannabubs. Lavendar sunflowers from Russia on Toby's better than birthday. But every angel that has come along has not only helped the people around me leaving me in so much pain at having to hear it and know it is supposed to be available to me, but they have intentionally been so cruel to me to the point of physical pain. And who do I turn to when I try to pray to God and he sees some alien and says to get back in line? Why do I suddenly start to notice that the acoustics where I am at don't match up with the physical surroundings? To throw people off from where I am at? Because I know there is not a door outside my door like this is a hotel room in a hallway. But I just heard a very loud and squeaky door open and close that sounded like it was outside and to the left a little bit which would put it on the balcony walkway opening up to mid-air. In my tent in Santa Cruz I heard people right outside my tent using a torch to light a pipe but there was no one around me. It was just me on the elderberry side of that cloverleaf on ramp that I cleaned up and threw away every bit of litter that one morning. The second someone comes to me and tries to force me to do those things, I refuse. 

But if people thought I was Jesus or trying to be Jesus, then that would also be a reason to frame me as a pedophile and make me hate children being around. I already hated children mostly, and I certainly never wanted any. The seed numbering as the stars or multiplying my seed or whatever that promise was was easily explained by in this day and age having an actual seed collection because why would anyone need to have gigantic amounts of children when there are already overpopulation problems everywhere? And we don't need to protect any kind of bloodline for a Messiah because it says on that day He will raise up His body. It doesn't say He will be born into a body again and have to grow up clueless. Where anyone got this idea from that I was trying to enter the competition for the most convincing anti-Christ I do not know. Maybe the same place that gave them the information about my alignment. Because there have been several people over the years who I relayed certain information to that was instantly conveyed into the overal universal knowledge base. But then there were also times when I told them very important things about my motives and intentions that I went out of my way to mention in a very awkward and forced conversation way because it was important. Oddly those things were never even mentioned to that same bulletin board because I found myself dealing with the same incorrect assumptions over and over and over with absolutely no recollection, supposedly, that I had set the record straight the day before. That is where the idea that maybe some angels don't remember anything from day to day and for a while there it's like that actually happened. Sort of. But again, there are the real ones who are supposed to enforce things like that, and then there are the ones who don't know what they are doing because they have not been around humans very long at all. And maybe the answer is in the part of Revelation where it says that they will have to be let out for a short time. I don't know why, but maybe that is why they are flying around causing problems. And maybe they had thousands of years to plan a way to immediately hop into the backup world and execute whatever copy-on-write parallel there is to the universe which I tried to talk about with that RGB thing before whoever I was talking to assumed I was making a racial reference when I said that you put it all together and you get white. I really just meant light. And if it's printing then you would have black when you put them all together. And white people are not white anyway any more than black people are not black. 

The bottom line is that considering the colorful array of solutions to the parasite problem, it had to have been related to white supremecists. I at one time was jealous of someone else who had mentioned being hired by them to sit in a hotel room and be some kind of presence. He basically was there having all expenses paid and doing nothing but loafing, supposedly, and when you are homeless or living with your parents, that kind of freedom is incredibly appealing. It had nothing to do with who it was offering, except that it was a hotel room and that was my type. Sort of. I realize now that there are far more attractive white guys who are not so narrow-minded. I am trying to think of how to say that politely so I don't get beaten down more, but I can't really think why anyone with a solid belief in Jesus Christ and the Bible would ever come to the conclusion that Christianity was exclusive. And I have to wonder if it was more a hope that they could get me to believe it so it really would be that way. And I honestly don't know. I thought about it, and then I thought that it would be so unfair and boring because I mean... my favorite sex is white guys but my favorite food is Indian and Ethiopian without question. My favorite cake is chocolate. My favorite porn is muscle or athletic white guys. And yes, I do watch porn because sometimes it's the only way to cure restless legs that I get really bad from the diphenhydramine added to the things I get that are supposed to wake me up but make more work for the people who have to follow me around without telling me and keep everything normal so I won't know that I am supposed to be able to do miraculous things that they expect me to. I am slipping into bitter now though so I'll try to keep that in check.

What I know is that everything I used to watch or eat or say would end up happening somehow. A lot of people decided they needed to control what I did and what I watched and what I ate so that they could be sure and have someone to take care of carrying that out in case it was something that might be far worse if they didn't. That got out of hand because people found ways to trivialize everything which was hugely disappointing to me when I was expecting something grandiose and got a pebble instead. Not even a white stone at that. And God had already made sure that there was an appropriate thing in my past that fit perfectly, so nothing to worry about. I tried to tell everyone that, and eventually I did (so ignore that guy who said, "WHAT?!??" because they do that just to make it sound like they are not part of the ones involved kind of like how they act surprised as if they didn't know)... I have said these things a million times, but never really publicly I guess which is why I was trying to get a section of my website up so that people could see the full context of what I was saying even though it is a lot and it is unedited. Nothing really has been anything but unedited so far except a coupld of website attempts that I took down because I got mad about feeling exploited for nothing but broken promises. 

People expect a pope like person who is perfectly groomed and polished with nice clothes and perfect teeth. My teeth are mostly ok, but I usually can't afford to do laundry. I have to spend most of my money on drugs because no one has been giving them to me and usually until recently I was being gouged so severely because I was considered the evil menace distracting everyone. I was often the one getting them motivated, but often I was too depressed about feeling absolutely no joy or pleasure because my brain lacks the chemicals and mechanism to make those things happen. I went to church a few times but was ignored even when I prayed, and I guess because Lucifer was in charge of what angels were on Earth and I had been put in that category and deemed unworthy of being heard. I thought. I honestly don't know how closely God has been paying attention or if He has been making sure even I didn't know if He was around so that He could get an accurate picture of what was happening when He wasn't around... I don't know. But it is a fact that I cried to Him for help and was almost always ignored. Then I gave up and suppressed the pain a little bit more and moved on to something that comforted me which shut me up for a while and made everyone think I was the one enjoying something else at that same time because it was going on somewhere else. And that is what kills me to think about when the people who I need something from who were sent to help me leave me in pain for hours or days because they are tied up taking care of the needs of the person they think is their charge, and I have to lay there hurting the entire time knowing that. At least once a week it feels like for years. So yeah I tend to be negative and angry and I tend to feel entitled to things that would look like I was a spoiled brat if you just took those clips out of the context of deprivation and put them into what you thought was going on. And it does matter what people think in that regard because I have been shut down and the problems compounded the more that I failed to respond to help that I didn't even have a way to know was available. There was a reason I said what I did about needing a translator to bridge that gap, but for some reason every one of them just jumped in the same game and chose to pocket the goods and never tell me anything. Because why not? They can say they are me since they have access to my mind practically and can even rehearse because they know before hand what I will probably do or say. Put it on a video conference with bad reception and who is going to argue when they have my pink paintbrush from college that someone took from my room?

I want to know why people hover around from a distance and decide I am not even worth talking to instead of coming up to me and asking me directly if this is true or that is true.

I had a dream not too long ago about an angel who came looking for me and saw through some telepathic means that the guy in the tent was covered in demonic runes and was pure evil. They thought it was me, but they couldn't even call out to me or say anything because they were so disappointed and sad that I had succumbed so thoroughly to the other side where I was just supposed to be visiting temporarily for some reason that I still don't understand. I think to make sure I wasn't going to feel like I had missed out on something, but I have yet to find anything that I want that I can't get on the good side. And in my dream, somehow I felt that angel scanning me without actually looking inside the tent. I don't know how they do that, but somehow they did. And somehow I knew that's what they were doing and I realized what they had seen because I could see what they were seeing on me. And I knew it wasn't me. So I jumped up and ran outside and chased the angel down and said, "LOOK!" and I lifted up my shirt and there was nothing but normal plain skin with no tattoos. The angel was shocked and it was a very happy realization that I wasn't actually tainted like what they had seen. But then I woke up and the issue of why that happened was never brought up. But it is possible. Countless times I have known there was someone outside my door who I felt like was coming to find me and they turned away in dismay without ever even knocking, and I wondered if that was really happening. And combined with the very specific needs I had being poured in abundance on people all around me all proved that some supernatural presence was hearing my prayers and trying to answer them. I just don't understand why it failed to ever find me, and yet when God wanted to send me something He had no problem making sure it was in the right place at the right time. God to me is Jehovah. 

And I have even started to do a whole page in colored pencil of Psalm 91 in Hebrew, starting at the end, which makes it even more difficult to understand why that isn't happening when other things happen almost instantly even when I am not even finished with them. Is it because it's pencil and not paint? I thought it was the same result. But who knows if someone else changed that to fit their needs. That kind of things probably explains the flip flopping that I get accused of so often.

To this day no one has ever shown me any evidence or proof or even a reminder of anything that I ever said to grant permission for anyone to use my body for their personal anything or not personal anything. Anything at all. Nothing. Never. It has been alluded to a time or two maybe, but nothing that I have seen or heard or remember, and I have no blackouts to account for something like that and if I did how could you enforce it anyway if the reason I was not allowed to know about anything was because I had to have someone sign a piece of paper that said I completed a certain rehab program? How come no one can use the one from Catawba whatever that I completed because I had no choice, no cigarettes, no sympathy, and the deepest scars you could imagine that make me run in terror at the thought of any institution or rehab program? And the irony is that I was looking at the results from my urinalysis and it says, "Clean Sample." There was nothing in my system and yet I was held because drug-induced psychosis. All because I panicked at the thought of reliving the Deaconess incident and walked out the door before they discharged me when I heard them say they were keeping me overnight. I didn't start running until I was in the field headed for Chick-Fil-A across the street thinking off the property I might have less chance of them being able to hold me, but I was tackled in the mud before I got that far and the guy said I was trying to run into traffic to kill myself. I was nervous about going in, and my worst fear was realized. There are entire counseling classes that people are expected to benefit from for far less than that kind of trauma, and I never even had anyone tell me that it shouldn't have happened. Everyone was cheering against me for needing a wake up call so I would quit using drugs, and there were no drugs in my system. In fact I was there because I was trying to quit using drugs and the amount of eating that resulted and the two packs of cigarettes a day on top of that was so intensely painful, literally, that I had to go to the ER. And that is what happened. Do you not understand that? Because to everyone who continues to just expect me to move on and get over it, that is only the tip of the iceberg. So when you expect me to just hunker down and tough it out, I was hunkered out years ago while listening to all these people tell me that I didn't deserve a break because I needed to work and I was already disillusioned before I ended up surrounded by people who think that I should allow them to take everything from me because they need it more. And now I am almost daily feeling like I am exploited and used as some kind of ticket to attack God who thinks I am involved? And I am just supposed to accept the extra fun thrown at me to shut me up when that just tells me that no one actually understood that the fun was not fun? Why have I not killed myself? That is a good question. I have no idea. Anyone would have long ago, but I stupidly keep thinking that at some point God will honor what He said He was going to do and send His angels to watch over me instead of beat me into the ground with sneers and attitude. And I keep stupidly thinking that the people who read these things will share with the rest of the world that the Bae/Matt distinction that they do is not anything I wanted and I have been asking them to stop doing that from the beginning. It has been used for no other reason than to lie to people and make them think that I am no longer here which is an easy way for them to send away all the help while I am here listening to what I need so close and then sent away. So I come back to pout and have to hear people having sex while I can't even enjoy the only thing that does happen to me without being accused of summoning the devil so he will f*** me. I mean.... if I scream and jump down anyone's throat who hasn't been around and then comes and expects me to behave like a normal person, then not only am I going to scream, but I am going to wonder why you think I am a normal person. Who do you think I am? And why do you want the one who caused this in the first place instead of me? Which then makes me wonder if he really is in Heaven enjoying my soul or my reputation even though it's not actually swapped but it is... I have no idea. But if I am constantly seen as him and some criminal to everyone then I can't help but think that he's up there ripping everyone off using my name and making it even harder for me to convince anyone that I am not a threat. Why he thinks that is more fun I don't know, considering anything would be done to get him here so I wouldn't keep ratting out Satan unintentionally (even if I don't really care, I'm not trying to get anyone in trouble and I am not wearing a wire... it's purely spiritual communication until enough years have passed and we can safely talk about mind reading technology) It's like everyone just assumed that since I was already so devastated and numb it wouldn't hurt just to leave me one more day or to add one more thing. But everyone hurts and makes it take that much longer for me to heal which I have to do before we can get anything sorted out. But don't tell me to show up for the wedding and be ready to eat cake and smile all the time when you just grabbed me off of a scene from a horror movie where I was kept around while they tried to figure out a way to kill me or hurt me when they Holy Spirit kept making that impossible. And they couldn't admit that or else everyone would know that God was here and would be mad that they weren't letting me go. So they have to start faking gun shot noises and the people around me have to pretend to be mean or whatever which makes me wonder how evil spirits get away with the theft and evil if people can't. Why can they get away with stealing things but no one has yet to leave anything for me. Or maybe they do but someone on the inside can hear it since they have my gifts that they took and are using my reputation to ride around in their fantastic life that is full of all the safety of protection while demons are trying their best to imitate all of that so I don't catch on and tattle on them. This is not a script idea. None of this is, and if any of this gets used for some plot then I will be pissed because so far I haven't even benefited from any of that. I don't know how these people keep fooling you because they haven't fooled me for a minute. But then I am me and they aren't trying to be me when I am around. But please don't say sorry or ok or anything like that. Until that same swooping in and pampering and luxury resort whatever that you did for everyone else happens to me then I will keep on bitching and complaining because when I come up to you in person and you hear someone say to you that I am fine actually and it was all a show, that isn't me. I don't even know if that is what happens, but that's all I can figure since I kept seeing help all around that stands around, does nothing, and then leaves. And I get called a jerk. And remember that I am a human being with a temporal existence and only 45 years of experience existing. I do not have wings to fly away, I do not have a way to teleport anywhere, and I am limited to where my phyical legs can carry or pedal me because I don't even have a bicycle. And don't expect me to cry or laugh or make a joke to prove myself because my tears don't flow without those chemicals except rarely when I guess enough have stored up by a tiny trickle that takes a long time, and my laughter and smiles are non-existent most of the time except when I get high or tired and slap happy. And do not bang on things a certain number of times to tell me how to answer or what you think the answer is and don't use me to decide what is true or false unless you ask me about it directly and let me ponder it. Because the Spirit of Truth is in my heart and not my mind. It is in my LB and not my NEFESH. And my lobe or love is so broken so many times over and I haven't even been allowed to start to heal because I am still getting hurt constantly which really makes all this pointless anyway. So if anyone is in a hurry then you might as well just kill me and forget about letting me just come on up there like Enoch because it's going to be a long time at this rate before I can get over the scars which cannot be removed like a physical injury. To get over the scars of experience would require the experience to be removed and that would mean removing who that person is. It feels like you have been trying to find ways to do that without hurting me though, but my soul is in me. My spirit is here. God's Spirit is with me too or else I would have been hurt long ago. But the Spirit of Truth is not a polygraph in my reflexes that an electric current nerve impulse can influence. It is in my heart and is consistently there making me feel like something is wrong that I said or something is wrong that I exagerrated and it bothers me until I say it. That's why white lies or stretching the truth to be polite are not a problem. That's different than when someone asks you if you ate the last cookie and you say no when you did. And then someone else gets blamed and punished and you are there the whole time not saying anything. And then when someone asks you again, you say no. That is not something I am capable of. The first no maybe, but if someone else got punished I wouldn't be able to let that happen without saying something. And I certainly wouldn't be able to say no if someone asked me again. That is the Spirit of Truth, but even that isn't the best example because it doesn't take into consideration what it says in John about how it speaks as it knows from what it has seen. That means it is useless to use it for anything that I have no knowledge of.

It's frustrating paying for something that normally would make you not need to smoke at all and then end up having to smoke more because there ends up being a satisfaction deficit instead of the much needed relief. And consistently I have found myself the one getting the deficit version.

What I started to say and didn't finish is that I am a human with a temporal understanding of everything, so to take what I say and enforce it as if I am an angel who has a different understanding of time is cruel and really makes no sense anyway since isn't it a human that you should be enforcing things for? How can you claim to have thought I was an angel but also to say that you had to do this or that because I wrote it somewhere that was never intended for that purpose unless specifically states like that? And how can you... I have to stop because I will get angry again.
But hey this is README2! Number two like B. 
And that is what they say
When I was in San Francisco Bay
But also here today
In Norman Oklahoma City

That is ABBBA 
or maybe it's BAAAB.
Is it Bee or is it Bay
The bees are back and here to stay.
Now I know why they made it Bay.

I said I would not speak
and understood the deal
But others had to steal
so I had no choice but to appeal
This is not the time to be meek

If law and order are at stake
then why is there no fault
in carelessly opening the vault
when that is what you sought
I MEAN FOR F*** SAKE!
