This is a very partial list of files, and the hierarchy is a little out of order which I left so it wouldn't necessarily be something anyone could use. But the files themselves are entirely untouched. And this all does come from the /lib folder in the root directory of the Ubuntu 21.04 installer DVD from Linux Pro Magazine Issue 248 from July 2021. My dad drove me to the Barnes and Noble on Ed Noble Parkway here in Norman, Oklahoma right after I moved into my apartment. And that is 248. I am in apartment 8. And 2+4 is 6. 4+8 is 12. My street address.

I have been told that I have to hide because people want to kill me. There is no reason why anyone would want to kill me unless people were out there making a mockery of God, conveying curses that I screamed at the world when I was angry but never conveying the retraction or apology, and editing out the parts of things I wrote saying that I was angry about not being able to have any fun being the reason why I did not want any more chances to keep going around in circles for nothing. If you just cut it off where I said I was angry about not having any fun then it would probably tell a completely different story. If anyone asks if what you have read is accurate then technically it is. But it is not complete, and the spirit of the message is lost. I know that because I keep finding myself surrounded by the same solutions that don't work for me but work for people around me while I am also accused of being too picky or taking too much time on something that I have also said many times I can't finish. I have said I was done. I have said I quit. I have said I give up. I have said please, Lord Jesus, take over. And do you know what I have always heard in return from Him? How much longer are you going to be? If you would just finish that one thing then you could rest. Or did He say those things? Because He still knows where I am and what I am doing. But He doesn't seem to know why. And I know that He is very careful about protecting privacy, but as many times as I have asked Him to purge from my body everything that is preventing Him, Jehovah, from being close to me, I can't for the life of me figure out why He hasn't. I can't figure out why when I was asked what I wanted if I could have anything, and when my answer was to be secure in my communication with Jehovah, why is it that instead what I got was being connected to a bunch of demons who refuse to leave when I tell them to? It seems like there are a lot of demons pretending to be angels who were supposed to pretend to be demons because I wanted to have fun being evil? I have no idea. But when I was in Santa Cruz and could see angels hovering around on the outskirts trying to make sure I was ok but not being allowed to get close, I started to get concerned. And it has only gotten worse ever since. The only deal I made with anyone was to trade my hearing for the ability of the watchers to come to the Father through Jesus Christ as well. It was supposed to be a way for more people to come to Jesus. Somehow that got turned into some kind of agreement to be deaf in this world, not in the next like I said, but in the here and now while I am still alive as a human being, and with demons claiming that I was offering a free pass to Heaven on some kind of Trojan Horse that was unloading demons into God's throne room in exchange for all this amazing sex and fun in a playground of debauchery and partying non-stop. I think it became that for someone, or it was supposed to work out that way. But for some reason the whole thing still responds to what I say but the delivery has been messed up somehow. And since the ones who get it all think it's a bad thing since it's not for them and since it doesn't fit their needs and isn't even seen as what it is but as something evil, you can imagine how heartwarming it is to know that my heart's desires have all been overflowing the garbage bins of other people who don't even care. And they have been making up every reason in the book to make it seem otherwise. 

All that to say that I don't know when it started. But I know that I noticed it when I was in Palm Springs because Brendan Miller invited me there to get away from the stress of living with my parents. It was an entirely fun trip with nothing planned, and the whole point was to have no responsibility. And yet the whole time I was there I felt like it was just one unannounced and awkward meeting after another where people were extremely irritated that I was sleeping late and coming down in my pajamas or acting stupid in very serious meetings that to me were nothing important because nothing was explained to me as being important. I was told about none of it, and to this day I have no idea who was watching or why. But every time I even mention the past and people associate me with that person then I am immediately discarded as not worth bothering with. Meanwhile, I keep being handed one thing after another by God to use to prove that I am something, but no one would tell me what it meant to have stigmata in every single place at the same time or what it meant that when I would agree with certain people on something the entire world around me would change. No one would tell me why when I painted a picture it happened, and no one would tell me why angels thought they couldn't speak. At one time I did a word study trying to understand what the word angel meant and the etymology because I am nerdy like that. I was trying to find the meaning and came across something that said it was related to the word that means sad. But I never said that angels were always sad. And yet I was very much resented for claiming something that caused them to have to avoid me which is something that I never said either. And that was I guess why it was possible for demons to slowly push the limits with what they could get away with while telling everyone else that I was feeling smothered. Because I was. I am. I feel smothered by them. Literally suffocated. And I am not going to lie because I promise you if that were what I was supposed to do then God would be allowing me to enjoy something. Instead it seems that He is allowing me to suffer (not realizing how bad it is probably because they keep telling Him I am fine) because He knows that if I am happy then I will not fight back. And He doesn't want to ever have to put anyone else through this to find out what was going on on the inside of something that He has respected the privacy of. But don't think that if there is any reason to suspect something is wrong or that demons are hiding somewhere that is sacred or maybe that they hid me somewhere that is not sacred, don't think He won't come crashing in and destroy everything in site until He finds what He needs to so that I will stop calling Him an asshole and an imbecile when I get really pissed off and can't figure out why when I said I needed something He sent something else instead. 
